feat: improve opening a new issue flow (#34434)
vercel/next.js: errors/opening-an-issue.md

# Opening a new Issue

#### Why This Message Occurred

When `next info` was run, Next.js detected that it's was not on the latest canary release.

`next@canary` is the beta version of Next.js. It includes all features and fixes that are pending to land on the stable release line.

> Some issues might have already been fixed there, so before opening a new issue on the repository, make sure to verify if the issue hasn't been fixed there already.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some issues might have already been fixed there, so before opening a new issue on the repository, make sure to verify if the issue hasn't been fixed in the canary version already.
```

> Some issues might have already been fixed there, so before opening a new issue on the repository, make sure to verify if the issue hasn't been fixed in the canary version already.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some issues may already be fixed, so please verify that your issue reproduces with the canary version before opening a new issue.
```

Run the following in the codebase:

```sh
npm install next@canary
```

or

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sh
```
